README.md, before:

# FurFile

## Description

Anyone that has pets knows that they are part of the family. So having their medical records should be important to us. Furfile allows users to track and update their pet’s information online. Just sign in to FurFile and input the information. Each FurFile profile displays the following pet information: 
- Name
- Type (cat or dog)
- Breed
- Birthdate
- Weight
- Gender
- Spayed/Neutered
- Microchip #
- Vaccinations
- Allergies
  
The motivation behind this application was our love for pets and animals. If there ever was an emergency with our pets and our veterinarian’s office was closed, it would be very difficult to access some of this information. Not everyone has their pet’s records on file. Furfile will allow pet owners, veterinarians, and anyone that could need your pet’s information to have access. This could be the difference in saving a pet’s life.

As users, we want an application to keep track of pet data that can be accessed online.
As users, we want to be able to sign in or create a new account.
As registered users, we want a page that can input and edit personal pet information.

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)

## Installation

Visit: https://immense-taiga-25334-d6b01512dabc.herokuapp.com/

## Usage

Provide instructions and examples for use. Include screenshots as needed.

To add a screenshot, create an `assets/images` folder in your repository and upload your screenshot to it. Then, using the relative filepath, add it to your README using the following syntax:


![Screenshot image of the application.](./assets/screenshots/screenshot-2.png)
![Screenshot image of the application.](./assets/screenshots/screenshot-1.png)
![Screenshot image of the application.](./assets/screenshots/screenshot-3.png)


## Credits
Contributors:
Reginald Griffin: https://github.com/CntrolldSbstnce
Isaac Mckoy: https://github.com/IJmckoy0820
Jin Choe: https://github.com/jinkc21
Juju Nakarmi: https://github.com/Jujunakarmi
Anngrace Blount: https://github.com/silvernotshell

Documentation for express handlebars helped design the views:
https://www.npmjs.com/package/express-handlebars

Express session official readme helped create the sessions:
https://github.com/expressjs/session#cookie

Sequelize documentation helped with associations:
https://sequelize.org/master/manual/assocs.html

Place.dog was used to generate dog images:
https://place.dog/

Cataas was used to generate cat images:
https://cataas.com/

Bulma.io was used for the image carousel:
https://wikiki.github.io/components/carousel/

## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2024 jinkc21

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

---

Commit message:

rearranges screenshots and added usage information

README.md, after:

# FurFile
[![Node.js Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-43853D?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)](https://nodejs.org/en) 
[![Mysql Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-00000F?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)](https://nodejs.org/en) 
[![Express Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-404D59?style=for-the-badge)](https://expressjs.com/)
[![Heroku Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Heroku-430098?style=for-the-badge&logo=heroku&logoColor=white)](https://www.heroku.com/)  
## Description

Anyone that has pets knows that they are part of the family. So having their medical records should be important to us. Furfile allows users to track and update their pet’s information online. Just sign in to FurFile and input the information. Each FurFile profile displays the following pet information: 
- Name
- Type (cat or dog)
- Breed
- Birthdate
- Weight
- Gender
- Spayed/Neutered
- Microchip #
- Vaccinations
- Allergies
  
The motivation behind this application was our love for pets and animals. If there ever was an emergency with our pets and our veterinarian’s office was closed, it would be very difficult to access some of this information. Not everyone has their pet’s records on file. Furfile will allow pet owners, veterinarians, and anyone that could need your pet’s information to have access. This could be the difference in saving a pet’s life.

As users, we want an application to keep track of pet data that can be accessed online.
As users, we want to be able to sign in or create a new account.
As registered users, we want a page that can input and edit personal pet information.

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)

## Installation

Visit: https://immense-taiga-25334-d6b01512dabc.herokuapp.com/

## Usage

To use this application click on the given heroku link. It will then take you to the homepage. Click on signup button on the navigation bar. Then it will ask the name, email and password. After sign up you can fill the form and click on add pet, it will add your pet and will show your pets information. You can follow the screenshots below.

1. The main homepage.

![Homepage image of the application.](./assets/screenshots/screenshot-1.png)

2. Signup page.

![Signup page image of the application.](./assets/screenshots/screenshot-2.png)

3. Add a pet page.
![Pets Information image of the application.](./assets/screenshots/screenshot-3.png)

4. Pet details page.
![Pets details image of the application.](./assets/screenshots/screenshot-4.png)


## Credits
Contributors:
Reginald Griffin: https://github.com/CntrolldSbstnce
Isaac Mckoy: https://github.com/IJmckoy0820
Jin Choe: https://github.com/jinkc21
Juju Nakarmi: https://github.com/Jujunakarmi
Anngrace Blount: https://github.com/silvernotshell

Documentation for express handlebars helped design the views:
https://www.npmjs.com/package/express-handlebars

Express session official readme helped create the sessions:
https://github.com/expressjs/session#cookie

Sequelize documentation helped with associations:
https://sequelize.org/master/manual/assocs.html

Place.dog was used to generate dog images:
https://place.dog/

Cataas was used to generate cat images:
https://cataas.com/

Bulma.io was used for the image carousel:
https://wikiki.github.io/components/carousel/

## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2024 jinkc21

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

---
